Hello! Hi! My name is Patrick Vellia
I'm the owner of "I love You by Tricio".
I set up a MN food producer, Cottage Food Producer business, which means I make
food at home to sell at different events.
So Deaf Equity is having an event on October 23rd
It will be at Charles Thompson Hall, CTH.
In Saint Paul.
There'll be a booth there where I'll be selling 6 different types of cookies
Some are Dark Chocolate Chip Cookies. Some are Dark Chocolate Chip Pumpkin
Spiced Cookies.
Some are Oatmeal Pumpkin Pie Spiced Cookies
with Chocolate Chip.
There are also Pumpkin Pie Spice Oatmeal Cookies with Raisins.
There's Peanut Butter Cookies, and Sugar Cookies.
Individual cookies cost $2.50.
10 cookies are 10 for $5, and a dozen, is 12
You can pre-order through my website. There'll be a QR code available at on this
video, and you can pre-order.
And I can bring everything there to the booth at the Deaf Equity event.
on October 23rd.
Thank you, and come on out and support my business.